the Galapagos Islands an archipelago
born a fire the vastness of the Pacific
Ocean are among the greatest natural
history destinations on the planet the
islands which belonged to Ecuador and
lie 600 miles west of South America are
home to the most amazing wildlife
including many species found nowhere
else all protected by a large national
park and marine reserve
these islands and their creatures were
made famous as the inspiration for
charles darwin's theories on the origin
of life itself Charles Darwin used the
island species of finches to prove his
theory so it's fitting that the Finch
Bay Eko Hotel found right at the heart
of the archipelago on santa cruz island
should be named after these birds the
hotel is easily accessible from the town
of Puerto iota it's unique beachfront
location set back from a secluded coves
provides the ideal exciting for its six
brand new ocean view suites with ample
rooms and private terraces as well as
its 21 premium rooms accommodating 56
guests in total the hotel's beautiful
setting and rooms are complemented by
its excellent mouth-watering cuisine and
its staffs warm and genuine sense of
service it's smart Voyager certification
program guarantees sustainable practices
at all levels while our commitment to
safety quality services and
environmental respect is felt in every
aspect of our operation the hotel offers
three four or seven night land and sea
programs these include bailey outing
support our sea finch and new sea lion
yawns to enjoy wonderful wildlife
encounters on a number of nearby islands
whether on land or underwater all
accompanied by our team of naturalist
guides who will enrich your knowledge
and make the experience that much more
magical the Finch Bay eko hotel is the
ideal way to explore this unique and
enchanting world its Galapagos ala carte